Updating README verbiage and adding Postman collection (#38)
AmericanAirlines/Flight-Engine: README.md

# Flight Engine
Mock flight data delivered simply and quickly without a database.

## Let's Get Started

> ## 👉  [I just want flight data](#deploy-flight-engine-and-use-now)
> 
> ## 👉  [I want a backend that I can customize](#running-flight-engine-locally)

Reviewer: Let's make these H3s to avoid the funky line under them

```suggestion
### 👉  [I just want flight data](#deploy-flight-engine-and-use-now)

### 👉  [I want a backend that I can customize](#running-flight-engine-locally)
```

---

## Deploy Flight Engine and Use Now

> If you'd like to just use Flight Engine as we have designed it, deploy a copy to Heroku using the button below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to just use Flight Engine as we have designed it, deploy a copy to Heroku using the button below.
```
